README.md, before:

# Vichisuki's Silksong Practice Resources
This repository serves as a way for me to host my own practice resources created for Silksong, at this point in time only containing savestates to be used with [Silksong's Debug Mod](https://github.com/hk-speedrunning/Silksong.DebugMod) and split files for use with [LiveSplit](https://github.com/LiveSplit/LiveSplit).

For a tutorial on how to set up these tools, I recommend checking out Ivy's Silksong Tutorial series, particularly the [introductory guide found here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CYudtHjQmzQ).

## Savestates
For a more detailed rundown on what each savestate does, view:
- [Bell Route - Latest Patch Savestate Readme](BellRoute-LP/Savestates/BELLROUTE-SAVESTATES-README.md)

This savestate bundle was designed for Silksong to be more in line with older savestate bundles used for practicing Hollow Knight, particularly in four different categories.

### IL
This is a split used to directly record an IL attempt, intended for use with the accompanying split files found in the repository. They have been designed to be used with the [ComSOB spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1-Hy5k_h9dBUUPlwh_I14K-DEwGcNdVQ0utI-KX56d8c/edit?gid=7316953#gid=7316953).

### Movement
Typically starts one room after the IL starts, or after any kind of cutscenes that would otherwise be tedious to sit through when trying to practice.

### Bosses
Self explanatory, savestates outside each major boss and sometimes arenas in the route.

### Trick
Savestate for each major "trick" in the run. Note that what is defined as a trick is completely subjective and arbitrary, I just tried to make it so that I could practice each aspect that is difficult to me.

If you notice any errors or would like to add additional savestates, make a pull request or contact me on discord.

Commit message:

add DebugMod settings config to readme

README.md, after:

# Vichisuki's Silksong Practice Resources
This repository serves as a way for me to host my own practice resources created for Silksong, at this point in time only containing savestates to be used with [Silksong's Debug Mod](https://github.com/hk-speedrunning/Silksong.DebugMod) and split files for use with [LiveSplit](https://github.com/LiveSplit/LiveSplit).

For a tutorial on how to set up these tools, I recommend checking out Ivy's Silksong Tutorial series, particularly the [introductory guide found here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CYudtHjQmzQ).

## Savestates
For a more detailed rundown on what each savestate does, view:
- [Bell Route - Latest Patch Savestate Readme](BellRoute-LP/Savestates/BELLROUTE-SAVESTATES-README.md)

This savestate bundle was designed for Silksong to be more in line with older savestate bundles used for practicing Hollow Knight, particularly in four different categories.

Savestates are best used with specific config settings in DebugMod's Settings.json, as shown below. These should be set by default, but if you run into any issues it might be because of this.

```json
"MaxSaveStates": 10,
"MaxSavePages": 10,
```

### IL
This is a split used to directly record an IL attempt, intended for use with the accompanying split files found in the repository. They have been designed to be used with the [ComSOB spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1-Hy5k_h9dBUUPlwh_I14K-DEwGcNdVQ0utI-KX56d8c/edit?gid=7316953#gid=7316953).

### Movement
Typically starts one room after the IL starts, or after any kind of cutscenes that would otherwise be tedious to sit through when trying to practice.

### Bosses
Self explanatory, savestates outside each major boss and sometimes arenas in the route.

### Trick
Savestate for each major "trick" in the run. Note that what is defined as a trick is completely subjective and arbitrary, I just tried to make it so that I could practice each aspect that is difficult to me.

If you notice any errors or would like to add additional savestates, make a pull request or contact me on discord.
