BellRoute-LP/Savestates/BELLROUTE-SAVESTATES-README.md, before:

# Bell Route LP Savestates

Description of each savestate created for Bell Route's Latest Patch in Silksong Any%.

ComSOB Sheet can be found [here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1-Hy5k_h9dBUUPlwh_I14K-DEwGcNdVQ0utI-KX56d8c/edit?gid=7316953#gid=7316953).

Click on the arrows next to each label for more info. 

### IL Pages
<details>
<summary><b>Page One</b></summary>

0. Moss Mother 
    - After bind prompt and movement is unlocked
    - If using with ComSOB Sheet, **please start split from game start**.
    - If using for practice, set start split to manual split and start timer at 21.90 for when movement starts
    - Start Split on Manual Split or Start New Game (Start)
    - End Split on Moss Mother (Transition)
1. Silk Spear
    - Underneath ladder prompt to exit Ruined Chapel
    - Press up to start split
    - Start Split on Moss Mother (Transition)
    - End Split on Silk Spear (Transition)
2. Bell Beast
    - Before silk wall to exit Silk Spear Room to include silk refund in IL practice
    - If you prefer not to do this, just hit the silk wall once before to get the refund
    - Start Split on Silk Spear (Transition)
    - End Split on Bell Beast (Transition)
3. Swift Step
    - Inside Bell Beast Silk Heart room just below Silk Heart pickup
    - Start Split on Quit to Menu/Bell Beast Transition
    - End Split on Swift Step (Transition)
4. Lace 1
    - Before Swift Step room exit
    - Start Split on Swift Step (Transition)
    - End Split on Lace 1 (Transition)
5. Drifter's Cloak
    - Outside Deep Docks bell room. Lever not yet hit
    - Start Split on Lace 1 Transition
    - End Split on Drifter's Cloak (Transition)
6. Greymoor Bell
    - Inside Seamstress room after obtaining Drifter's Cloak
    - Start Split on Drifter's Cloak (Transition)
    - End Split on Greymoor Bell (Event)
7. Moorwing
    - Inside Greymoor Bell room in front of lever
    - Start Split on Greymoor Bell (Event)
    - End Split on Moorwing (Transition)
8. Cling Grip
    - Moorwing room after boss dies
    - Start Split on Moorwing (Transition)
    - End Split on Cling Grip (Transition)
9. Widow
    - At the exit to Cling Grip Room
    - Start Split on Cling Grip (Transition)
    - End Split on Bellhart Bell (Event)
</details>

<details>
<summary><b>Page Two</b></summary>

0. Shellwood Bell
    - In Needolin Memory room in front of Needolin pickup.
    - Start Split on Bellhart Bell (Event)
    - End Split on Shellwood Bell (Event)

1. Last Judge
    - In Shellwood Bell room after Widow
    - Start Split on Shellwood Bell (Event)
    - End Split on Act 2 Started (Event) (enter the citadel after Last Judge death)

2. Cogwork Dancers
    - In Last Judge room. Start segment by summoning Last Judge and using "Kill All" in Debug
    - Start Split on Act 2 Started (Event) (enter the citadel after Last Judge death)
    - End Split on Cogwork Dancers (Boss)

3. Whispering Vaults Arena
    - In Cogwork Dancers room after melody cutscene. 
    - If using with ComSOB sheets, it is acceptable to use the provided savestate as long as the split starts upon transition into Cogwork Core and start timer is at 21.70.
    - Start Split on Room Transition or Cogwork Dancers (Boss)
    - End Split on Enter Whispering Vaults (Transition)

4. Trobbio
    - In Whispering Vaults Arena room after arena completion.
    - Start Split on Enter Whispering Vaults (Transition)
    - End Split on Trobbio (Transition)

5. Clawline
    - Outside Trobbio arena before transition.
    - Start Split on Trobbio (Transition)
    - End Split on Post-Clawline Arena (Transition)

6. Vaultkeeper's Melody
    - In completed Clawline arena.
    - Start Split on Post-Clawline Arena (Transition)
    - End split on Vaultkeeper's Melody (Transition)

7. Architect's Melody
    - In Vaultkeeper room after melody obtained.
    - Start Split on Vaultkeeper's Melody (Transition)
    - End Split on Architect's Melody (Transition)

8. Enter High Halls Arena
    - In Architect's Melody room at top of Cogwork Core after cutscene.
    - Start Split on Architect's Melody (Transition)
    - End Split on Enter High Halls Gauntlet (Transition)

9. Conductor's Melody
    - Outside High Halls Arena.
    - Start Split on Enter High Halls Gauntlet (Transition)
    - End Split on Conductor's Melody (Transition)
</details>

<details>
<summary><b>Page Three</b></summary>

0. Lace 2
    - In Conductor's Melody room after cutscene.
    - Start Split on Conductor's Melody (Transition)
    - End Split on Post-Lace 2 Arena (Transition)

1. Grand Mother Silk
    - In Lace 2 Arena after boss completion
    - Start Split on Post-Lace 2 Arena (Transition)
    - End Split on Credits Roll (Ending)

</details>

### Movement Pages
<details>
<summary><b>Page 4</b></summary>

0. Moss Mother
    - After bind prompt and movement is unlocked.
    - Functionally identical to IL - Moss Mother on Page 1.

1. Silk Spear
    - In Bone Bottom before transition to Marrow.

2. Bell Beast
    - After Silk Spear Transition in room with single Aknid
    - Note that this savestate gives you 5 silk, netting you no refund from the silk wall. Hit the aknid for an extra silk.

3. Swift Step
    - Room after Marrow Bell, right before transition to right side room (Bone_14).

4. Lace 1
    - Room after Swift Step with two elevators.

5. Drifter's Cloak
    - Deep Docks bell room after activating lever. Exit out via right transition.

6. Cloak Quest
    - Outside Seamstress room before room with Hokers in them. 
    - Seperate from Movement - Drifter's Cloak because Cloak Quest is important enough and RNG heavy to warrant its own savestate.

7. Greymoor Bell
    - Fourth Chorus room after skip.
    - To practice Fourth Chorus skip, use Trick - Fourth Chorus Skip on page 9

8. Moorwing
    - Room after Greymoor Bell activation.
    - This savestate encompasses both before and after the Greymoor arena. To practice afterwards, use the Boss - Greymoor Arena savestate and Kill All.

9. Cling Grip
    - Leftwards transition exiting Bellhart.
</details>

<details>
<summary><b>Page 5</b></summary>

0. Shellwood Bell
    - Leftwards transition exiting Bellhart.
    - This savestate has killed Widow and obtained Needolin, with Cling Grip.

1. Last Judge
    - First room after entering Blasted Steps.
    - All three tricks (heal skip, driznit pogo and walljump) are available on page 10.

2. Cogwork Dancers
    - Second room of Citadel with scale platforms.

3. Whispering Vaults Arena
    - Cogwork Dancers room after cutscene
    - Functionally identical to IL - Whispering Vaults Arena

4. Trobbio
    - Second room of Whispering Vaults.

5. Clawline
    - Bottom of elevator room with elevator already hit back up.

6. Post Clawline
    - Immediately after Clawline pickup, to practice movement upwards to Clawline arena.

7. Vaultkeeper's Melody
    - Room after Clawline arena, with Last Architect in it. Exit out right transition.

8. Architect's Melody
    - Room connecting Whispering Vaults and Cogwork Core. Exit out left transition.

9. Cogwork Core
    - Transition before upwards gauntlet to Architect's Melody.
    - This is still considered "Cogwork Core", and is labelled as such, as it is a subsplit of Architect's Melody, even though the player has accessed Cogwork Core previously.
    - Placed outside the room to preserve enemy cycles and movement.

</details>

<details>
<summary><b>Page 6</b></summary>

0. Architect's Melody Puzzle
    - Inside highest room in Cogwork Core.
    - Specifically to practice movement of the Architect's Melody Puzzle.

1. Enter High Halls Arena
    - Room outside High Halls.
    - To practice movement up to this point, use the IL savestate on Page 2.

2. Lace 2
    - Downwards transition to hallway towards Lace 2.

3. Grand Mother Silk
    - Bottom of Grand Mother Silk room.
    - Movement up to this point is mostly walljumps. To practice, use the IL savestate on Page 2.

</details>

### Boss Pages

<details>
<summary><b>Page 7</b></summary>

0. Moss Mother
    - In front of Moss Mother arena with wall broken.
    - Full silk.

1. Bell Beast
    - In Bell Beast arena.
    - You can face right and press spear to start the fight.
    - 6 silk.

2. Hunter's March Arena
    - In front of Hunter's March Arena.

3. Lace 1
    - In front of Lace 1.
    - Full silk.

4. Greymoor Arena
    - Room outside Greymoor Arena.
    - Full silk.

5. Moorwing
    - In front of Moorwing.
    - 1 silk.

6. Shellwood Arena
    - On top of Shellwood Arena.
    - Full silk.

7. Widow
    - In front of Widow in Arena.
    - Challenge to start fight.
    - 1 silk.

8. Last Judge
    - In Last Judge arena.
    - Note that this is not the direction you will face when summoning Last Judge for the first time. This is because the first time summon animation is extremely long.
    - Only major difference is that Last Judge no longer has a guaranteed first attack. Keep this in mind when practicing.
    - Full silk.

9. Cogwork Dancers
    - Cogwork Dancers arena left side.
    - Full silk.

</details>

<details>
<summary><b>Page 8</b></summary>

0. Whispering Vaults Arena
    - In front of Whispering Vaults Arena.
    - 2 silk (1 from silk heart, 1 from a pogo).

1. Trobbio
    - In front of Trobbio Arena.
    - Cutscene has been skipped by viewing Trobbio monologue once. Functionally identical to first time entry without mashing.
    - Full silk.

2. Clawline Arena
    - In Clawline Arena.
    - Note that the Underloft you can aggro towards the arena will not be there to farm silk off of.
    - 7 Silk.

3. High Halls Arena
    - In front of High Halls Arena.
    - Safety bench is at High Halls Bellway.
    - 1 silk.

4. Lace 2
    - In front of Lace 2 elevator.
    - First time access, mash to skip cutscene. This is faster than re-entering her arena and results in slightly different positioning.
    - Full silk.

5. Grand Mother Silk
    - In GMS Arena.
    - 1 silk.

</details>

<details>
<summary><b>Page 9</b></summary>

0. Beastfly Pogo
    - Above Beastfly to pogo off of.
    - Note that the Skull Skuttler will be in a different position than the optimal room cycle. Just kill it if you don't want to deal with it.

1. Moss Grotto Attack Thing
    - Bell Beast arena. Exit leftwards.
    - Not sure of the name of this lmao

2. Aknid Pogo
    - In Silk Spear room.
    - Aknid/Archie pogo. Challenge to start skip.

3. Flintstone Pogo
    - In Deep Docks middle room.
    - Outside of room to preserve enemy pattern and aggro.

4. Drifter's Cloak Pogo
    - In Fourth Chorus room. Exit to the right.
    - Dash and Pogo midair to skip most of the seamstress room.

5. Fourth Chorus Skip
    - Fourth Chorus room.
    - 1 silk. Intended for silkless practice.

6. Fourth Chorus Skip (Full Silk)
    - Fourth Chorus room.
    - Full silk. Intended for heal skip variant or bind dash refresh.

7. Far Fields Cloak Pogo
    - Outside the second upper cloak room towards Greymoor.
    - Intended to use for practicing the Caranid pogo towards the middle of the room.

8. Craw Pogo
    - In Craw Pogo room.
    - Good luck.

9. Garama Skip
    - In room before Sister Splinter.
    - 5 silk.
</details>

<details>
<summary><b>Page 10</b></summary>

0. Shellwood Heal Skip
    - Garama Skip room. Exit to the left.
    - Full silk for heal skip in following room.

1. Blasted Steps Heal Skip
    - First room of Blasted Steps.
    - Full silk for heal skip.

2. Blasted Steps Driznit Pogo
    - First room of Blasted Steps. Exit to the right.
    - Used for Driznit Pogo in following room.

3. Blasted Steps Wall Jump
    - Second room of Blasted Steps, on top of platform.

4. High Halls Pixel Drop
    - High Halls drop room with first ring already activated.

</details>


notes for me
- moss mother time penalty 21.90
- wv arena time penalty 21.70

Commit message:

update savestate and readme to use Marrow Bell (Event)

BellRoute-LP/Savestates/BELLROUTE-SAVESTATES-README.md, after:

# Bell Route LP Savestates

Description of each savestate created for Bell Route's Latest Patch in Silksong Any%.

ComSOB Sheet can be found [here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1-Hy5k_h9dBUUPlwh_I14K-DEwGcNdVQ0utI-KX56d8c/edit?gid=7316953#gid=7316953).

Click on the arrows next to each label for more info. 

### IL Pages
<details>
<summary><b>Page One</b></summary>

0. Moss Mother 
    - After bind prompt and movement is unlocked
    - If using with ComSOB Sheet, **please start split from game start**.
    - If using for practice, set start split to manual split and start timer at 21.90 for when movement starts
    - Start Split on Manual Split or Start New Game (Start)
    - End Split on Moss Mother (Transition)
1. Silk Spear
    - Underneath ladder prompt to exit Ruined Chapel
    - Press up to start split
    - Start Split on Moss Mother (Transition)
    - End Split on Silk Spear (Transition)
2. Bell Beast
    - Before silk wall to exit Silk Spear Room to include silk refund in IL practice
    - If you prefer not to do this, just hit the silk wall once before to get the refund
    - Start Split on Silk Spear (Transition)
    - End Split on Bell Beast (Transition)
3. Swift Step
    - Inside Bell Beast Silk Heart room just below Silk Heart pickup
    - Start Split on Quit to Menu/Bell Beast Transition
    - End Split on Swift Step (Transition)
4. Lace 1
    - Before Swift Step room exit
    - Start Split on Swift Step (Transition)
    - End Split on Marrow Bell (Event)
5. Drifter's Cloak
    - Outside Deep Docks bell room. Lever not yet hit
    - Start Split on Marrow Bell (Event)
    - End Split on Drifter's Cloak (Transition)
6. Greymoor Bell
    - Inside Seamstress room after obtaining Drifter's Cloak
    - Start Split on Drifter's Cloak (Transition)
    - End Split on Greymoor Bell (Event)
7. Moorwing
    - Inside Greymoor Bell room in front of lever
    - Start Split on Greymoor Bell (Event)
    - End Split on Moorwing (Transition)
8. Cling Grip
    - Moorwing room after boss dies
    - Start Split on Moorwing (Transition)
    - End Split on Cling Grip (Transition)
9. Widow
    - At the exit to Cling Grip Room
    - Start Split on Cling Grip (Transition)
    - End Split on Bellhart Bell (Event)
</details>

<details>
<summary><b>Page Two</b></summary>

0. Shellwood Bell
    - In Needolin Memory room in front of Needolin pickup.
    - Start Split on Bellhart Bell (Event)
    - End Split on Shellwood Bell (Event)

1. Last Judge
    - In Shellwood Bell room after Widow
    - Start Split on Shellwood Bell (Event)
    - End Split on Act 2 Started (Event) (enter the citadel after Last Judge death)

2. Cogwork Dancers
    - In Last Judge room. Start segment by summoning Last Judge and using "Kill All" in Debug
    - Start Split on Act 2 Started (Event) (enter the citadel after Last Judge death)
    - End Split on Cogwork Dancers (Boss)

3. Whispering Vaults Arena
    - In Cogwork Dancers room after melody cutscene. 
    - If using with ComSOB sheets, it is acceptable to use the provided savestate as long as the split starts upon transition into Cogwork Core and start timer is at 21.70.
    - Start Split on Room Transition or Cogwork Dancers (Boss)
    - End Split on Enter Whispering Vaults (Transition)

4. Trobbio
    - In Whispering Vaults Arena room after arena completion.
    - Start Split on Enter Whispering Vaults (Transition)
    - End Split on Trobbio (Transition)

5. Clawline
    - Outside Trobbio arena before transition.
    - Start Split on Trobbio (Transition)
    - End Split on Post-Clawline Arena (Transition)

6. Vaultkeeper's Melody
    - In completed Clawline arena.
    - Start Split on Post-Clawline Arena (Transition)
    - End split on Vaultkeeper's Melody (Transition)

7. Architect's Melody
    - In Vaultkeeper room after melody obtained.
    - Start Split on Vaultkeeper's Melody (Transition)
    - End Split on Architect's Melody (Transition)

8. Enter High Halls Arena
    - In Architect's Melody room at top of Cogwork Core after cutscene.
    - Start Split on Architect's Melody (Transition)
    - End Split on Enter High Halls Gauntlet (Transition)

9. Conductor's Melody
    - Outside High Halls Arena.
    - Start Split on Enter High Halls Gauntlet (Transition)
    - End Split on Conductor's Melody (Transition)
</details>

<details>
<summary><b>Page Three</b></summary>

0. Lace 2
    - In Conductor's Melody room after cutscene.
    - Start Split on Conductor's Melody (Transition)
    - End Split on Post-Lace 2 Arena (Transition)

1. Grand Mother Silk
    - In Lace 2 Arena after boss completion
    - Start Split on Post-Lace 2 Arena (Transition)
    - End Split on Credits Roll (Ending)

</details>

### Movement Pages
<details>
<summary><b>Page 4</b></summary>

0. Moss Mother
    - After bind prompt and movement is unlocked.
    - Functionally identical to IL - Moss Mother on Page 1.

1. Silk Spear
    - In Bone Bottom before transition to Marrow.

2. Bell Beast
    - After Silk Spear Transition in room with single Aknid
    - Note that this savestate gives you 5 silk, netting you no refund from the silk wall. Hit the aknid for an extra silk.

3. Swift Step
    - Room after Marrow Bell, right before transition to right side room (Bone_14).

4. Lace 1
    - Room after Swift Step with two elevators.

5. Drifter's Cloak
    - Deep Docks bell room after activating lever. Exit out via right transition.

6. Cloak Quest
    - Outside Seamstress room before room with Hokers in them. 
    - Seperate from Movement - Drifter's Cloak because Cloak Quest is important enough and RNG heavy to warrant its own savestate.

7. Greymoor Bell
    - Fourth Chorus room after skip.
    - To practice Fourth Chorus skip, use Trick - Fourth Chorus Skip on page 9

8. Moorwing
    - Room after Greymoor Bell activation.
    - This savestate encompasses both before and after the Greymoor arena. To practice afterwards, use the Boss - Greymoor Arena savestate and Kill All.

9. Cling Grip
    - Leftwards transition exiting Bellhart.
</details>

<details>
<summary><b>Page 5</b></summary>

0. Shellwood Bell
    - Leftwards transition exiting Bellhart.
    - This savestate has killed Widow and obtained Needolin, with Cling Grip.

1. Last Judge
    - First room after entering Blasted Steps.
    - All three tricks (heal skip, driznit pogo and walljump) are available on page 10.

2. Cogwork Dancers
    - Second room of Citadel with scale platforms.

3. Whispering Vaults Arena
    - Cogwork Dancers room after cutscene
    - Functionally identical to IL - Whispering Vaults Arena

4. Trobbio
    - Second room of Whispering Vaults.

5. Clawline
    - Bottom of elevator room with elevator already hit back up.

6. Post Clawline
    - Immediately after Clawline pickup, to practice movement upwards to Clawline arena.

7. Vaultkeeper's Melody
    - Room after Clawline arena, with Last Architect in it. Exit out right transition.

8. Architect's Melody
    - Room connecting Whispering Vaults and Cogwork Core. Exit out left transition.

9. Cogwork Core
    - Transition before upwards gauntlet to Architect's Melody.
    - This is still considered "Cogwork Core", and is labelled as such, as it is a subsplit of Architect's Melody, even though the player has accessed Cogwork Core previously.
    - Placed outside the room to preserve enemy cycles and movement.

</details>

<details>
<summary><b>Page 6</b></summary>

0. Architect's Melody Puzzle
    - Inside highest room in Cogwork Core.
    - Specifically to practice movement of the Architect's Melody Puzzle.

1. Enter High Halls Arena
    - Room outside High Halls.
    - To practice movement up to this point, use the IL savestate on Page 2.

2. Lace 2
    - Downwards transition to hallway towards Lace 2.

3. Grand Mother Silk
    - Bottom of Grand Mother Silk room.
    - Movement up to this point is mostly walljumps. To practice, use the IL savestate on Page 2.

</details>

### Boss Pages

<details>
<summary><b>Page 7</b></summary>

0. Moss Mother
    - In front of Moss Mother arena with wall broken.
    - Full silk.

1. Bell Beast
    - In Bell Beast arena.
    - You can face right and press spear to start the fight.
    - 6 silk.

2. Hunter's March Arena
    - In front of Hunter's March Arena.

3. Lace 1
    - In front of Lace 1.
    - Full silk.

4. Greymoor Arena
    - Room outside Greymoor Arena.
    - Full silk.

5. Moorwing
    - In front of Moorwing.
    - 1 silk.

6. Shellwood Arena
    - On top of Shellwood Arena.
    - Full silk.

7. Widow
    - In front of Widow in Arena.
    - Challenge to start fight.
    - 1 silk.

8. Last Judge
    - In Last Judge arena.
    - Note that this is not the direction you will face when summoning Last Judge for the first time. This is because the first time summon animation is extremely long.
    - Only major difference is that Last Judge no longer has a guaranteed first attack. Keep this in mind when practicing.
    - Full silk.

9. Cogwork Dancers
    - Cogwork Dancers arena left side.
    - Full silk.

</details>

<details>
<summary><b>Page 8</b></summary>

0. Whispering Vaults Arena
    - In front of Whispering Vaults Arena.
    - 2 silk (1 from silk heart, 1 from a pogo).

1. Trobbio
    - In front of Trobbio Arena.
    - Cutscene has been skipped by viewing Trobbio monologue once. Functionally identical to first time entry without mashing.
    - Full silk.

2. Clawline Arena
    - In Clawline Arena.
    - Note that the Underloft you can aggro towards the arena will not be there to farm silk off of.
    - 7 Silk.

3. High Halls Arena
    - In front of High Halls Arena.
    - Safety bench is at High Halls Bellway.
    - 1 silk.

4. Lace 2
    - In front of Lace 2 elevator.
    - First time access, mash to skip cutscene. This is faster than re-entering her arena and results in slightly different positioning.
    - Full silk.

5. Grand Mother Silk
    - In GMS Arena.
    - 1 silk.

</details>

<details>
<summary><b>Page 9</b></summary>

0. Beastfly Pogo
    - Above Beastfly to pogo off of.
    - Note that the Skull Skuttler will be in a different position than the optimal room cycle. Just kill it if you don't want to deal with it.

1. Moss Grotto Attack Thing
    - Bell Beast arena. Exit leftwards.
    - Not sure of the name of this lmao

2. Aknid Pogo
    - In Silk Spear room.
    - Aknid/Archie pogo. Challenge to start skip.

3. Flintstone Pogo
    - In Deep Docks middle room.
    - Outside of room to preserve enemy pattern and aggro.

4. Drifter's Cloak Pogo
    - In Fourth Chorus room. Exit to the right.
    - Dash and Pogo midair to skip most of the seamstress room.

5. Fourth Chorus Skip
    - Fourth Chorus room.
    - 1 silk. Intended for silkless practice.

6. Fourth Chorus Skip (Full Silk)
    - Fourth Chorus room.
    - Full silk. Intended for heal skip variant or bind dash refresh.

7. Far Fields Cloak Pogo
    - Outside the second upper cloak room towards Greymoor.
    - Intended to use for practicing the Caranid pogo towards the middle of the room.

8. Craw Pogo
    - In Craw Pogo room.
    - Good luck.

9. Garama Skip
    - In room before Sister Splinter.
    - 5 silk.
</details>

<details>
<summary><b>Page 10</b></summary>

0. Shellwood Heal Skip
    - Garama Skip room. Exit to the left.
    - Full silk for heal skip in following room.

1. Blasted Steps Heal Skip
    - First room of Blasted Steps.
    - Full silk for heal skip.

2. Blasted Steps Driznit Pogo
    - First room of Blasted Steps. Exit to the right.
    - Used for Driznit Pogo in following room.

3. Blasted Steps Wall Jump
    - Second room of Blasted Steps, on top of platform.

4. High Halls Pixel Drop
    - High Halls drop room with first ring already activated.

</details>


notes for me
- moss mother time penalty 21.90
- wv arena time penalty 21.70
